Add details about Autocompletion option for templates (#1490)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-autocompletion-in-templates.adoc

> [id="Using_Autocompletion_in_Templates{context}"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="Using_Autocompletion_in_Templates_{context}"]
```

= Using Autocompletion in Templates

Using the autocompletion option, you can access a list of all available macros and information about using it, in the template editor itself.
This works for all {ProjectName} templates.

.Procedure

> . Click the *settings* icon at the top right corner of the template editor and select *Autocompletion*.

Reviewer: This is missing step on how to navigate to the templates themselves.

. Press `*Ctrl*` + `*Space*` in the template editor to access a list of all available macros.
. You can narrow down the list of macros by typing in more information about what you are looking for.
. For example, if you are looking for a method to list the ID of the content source for a host, you can type `host` and check the list of available macros for content source.

> . A window next to the dropdown provides a description of the macro, its usagei, and the value it will return.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. A window next to the dropdown provides a description of the macro, its usage, and the value it will return.
```
Possible typo.

[id="Using_Autocompletion_in_Templates_{context}"]
= Using Autocompletion in Templates

> Using the autocompletion option, you can access a list of all available macros and information about using it, in the template editor itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access a list of available macros and usage information in the template editor with the autocompletion option.
```

Unsure if my suggestion is really easier to read; your call.

> This works for all {ProjectName} templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works for all templates within {Project}.
```

.Procedure
. Navigate to either *Hosts* > *Partition tables*, *Hosts* > *Provisioning templates*, or *Hosts* > *Job templates*.
. Click the *settings* icon at the top right corner of the template editor and select *Autocompletion*.
. Press `*Ctrl*` + `*Space*` in the template editor to access a list of all available macros.

> . You can narrow down the list of macros by typing in more information about what you are looking for.
> . For example, if you are looking for a method to list the ID of the content source for a host, you can type `host` and check the list of available macros for content source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can narrow down the list of macros by typing in more information about what you are looking for.
For example, if you are looking for a method to list the ID of the content source for a host, you can type `host` and check the list of available macros for content source.
```

I don't think these are steps to follow. IMHO there should only be a numbered list item if the user has to do something.

. A window next to the dropdown provides a description of the macro, its usage, and the value it will return.
. When you find the method you are looking for, hit `Enter` to input the method.

> You can also enable *Live Autocompletion* in the *settings* menu, this will provide a list of macros that match the pattern whenever you type something.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable *Live Autocompletion* in the *settings* menu to view a list of macros that match the pattern whenever you type something.
```

What do you mean by settings menu?
